Astro Release Notes 2022-07-14 (#909)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.2.0 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

## July 14, 2022

### Additional improvements

> - The Cloud UI **Clusters** page now includes the cluster ID value. 

Reviewer: FYI we'll have to update our connectivity PRs that we're working on with Deepak because of this change.

> - Organization Owners and Organization Billing Admins can now update Organization settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Organization Owners and Organization Billing Admins can now update an Organization's name in the **Settings* tab.
```

> - The Cloud UI **Lineage** page has been improved to make viewing data easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **Lineage** page now generates unique URLs for specific actions so that it's easier to navigate between and share selections.
```
Assume it's this issue right? https://github.com/astronomer/astro/issues/1165 Tried to add some more color about what specifically was improved, feel free to reword.

> - The last 30 minutes of data can now be selected on the Cloud UI Deployment **Analytics** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  You can now filter the Cloud UI's **Analytics** page to show data only from the last 30 minutes.
```

### Bug fixes

- When you select a Workspace and click **Go back** in a browser, the page now reloads as expected.
- A **Page not found** error message no longer appears when you select a Deployment in the Cloud UI **Usage** page.

> - The **Deployment Aanlytics** page now displays the correct date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **Deployment Analytics** page now displays the correct date.
```
